Fixing GS guide and links (#2186)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Project/example-projects.md

Yes!

> * **Getting Started Tutorial:** You can build your own example dbt project in the [Getting Started guide](/docs/get-started/getting-started/set-up-dbt-cloud)

Reviewer: Another one 
```suggestion
* **Getting Started Tutorial:** You can build your own example dbt project in the [Getting Started guide](/docs/get-started/getting-started/overview)
```
